# SPDA
## 串口调试助手一个很好而小巧的串口调试助手，完美支持Win7、Win10等Windows操作系统。支持常用的50-256000bps波特率，能设置校验、数据位和停止位及流控制，能以ASCII码或十六进制接收或发送任何数据或字符（包括中文），可以任意设定自动发送周期，并能将接收数据保存成文本文件，能发送任意大小的数据，并且永久免费开源
## (Serial Port Utility is a professional communication software for serial port. Serial Port Utility makes it more efficient for development of hardware-software application. It will boost the speed to design, development, debug and test applications and hardware devices, such as relay boards, Electronic Total Station, Global Positioning System, chemical and medical analysis instruments and DMX devices etc. It can send and receive data in high speed. Data can be viewed in Text, Hex and Decimal format. It?s also able to create complex structure data, like ZigBee/XBee API data framework or GIS Garmin data package. All data are stored in lists which can be accessed easily from GUI. Data can be sent automatically with flexible auto sending rules. For system designer, Comm Operator will save your time and money to build prototype. The protocol design can be done with Comm Operator only. The content in send data list can be used as test data for later development. For software programmer and hardware engineer, Serialport Utility can simulate the software and hardware. The system can be developed parallel and find out the problem easily. For engineers who test and deploy the system, Serialport Utility is the right tool for unit test. It can be setup as environment for parts before put the system online. Features: Communicate with Serial Port Work with Serial Port Asynchronous sending and receiving data Support binary panel and TLS Support quick send panel and sending a file Support terminal window and remote access Dedicated input panel for structured data With specific send panel for NCD relay boards Multiple customized panel for user?s specific data Send receive and view data in Text, Hex and Decimal format Send data repeatedly with specified interval automatically Send single data and group data automatically according to auto send rules Support third party?s Plug-in (.net dll) and user own EXE to send data automatically Built-in Echo function for loopback test Built-in checksum for Parity, Modular sum and Position-dependent checksums Organized data in list and work with multiple send data list Create send data list from Text, Hex and Decimal files directly Copy and paste data between different lists Drag and drop to open send data list directly Detect all available COM ports automatically Save log file automatically Keep all settings for later use)
